#WEEK 1: Securing Data
from Harvard's CS50 Introduction to Cybersecurity course

#SUMMARY:

#Concepts learnt:
-Hashing---An account's password is converted to hash( completely unidentical to the password written by the user) and stored in the website's database. It is hard for an adversary to perform an attack Credential 
           stuffing.It is stored(password converted to hash) in the website's database when the user creates an account for the first time. Next time the user tries to log in again with the same password, the 
           website converts the password to hash using the same process when the user created the account and then compares the hash to the stored hash in their database with the respective username. This reduces 
           the risk of adversaries to attack our account. Using this method raises the bar for protection and lowers the bar for risk, but its not guarenteed that the adversary cannot get acces to your account.
           This increases the work, energy and time for the adversary so that there are chances that he might lose interest in our account.

-Rainbow tables--- It is basically like a large database with vast information.The information can be very large like terabytes or even petabytes.The information here disscussed are a lot of passwords with their 
                   hashes which the adversary might have already converted. Here to have a rainbow table, he must have a lot of hard-drives which contain the information and also a lot of wealth and effort
                   ( effort he must have done by converting the each possible passwords to their hashes).

-Salting--- It is a method where teh salt value is added to a password, and it creates a different hash value than the hash value of just the password. 
            So basically- salt value + password--> hash value is not equal to password--> hash value. So this Salt is a modifier the hash value when the salt input is added to the password input. 
            For example, say two usernames David and Daisy have same passwords. Here we can conclude that they will also have same hash values. So there is a risk that if one account gets hacked, the other one
            with the same password can also get hacked if the adversary wanted to. So to prevent this, Salt input shall be added to the password input. So say that David's salt input in 100 and Daisy's input 
            is 99, boht of their hash values will be completely different. The salt values are automatically given by the server itself. This ensures that even though David and Daisy have same passwords,
            there is no way that the adversary will know even if he was looking into it.


            
            




